Demo of examples-based guidance for users (#204)
ArbitrumFoundation/docs: docs/airdrop-eligibility-distribution.md

Scroll to the section that describes your scenario and follow the instructions.

#### Scenario 1: All of your qualifying actions occurred before Nitro was launched.

 1. First, refer to the [qualifying actions section](#qualifying-actions) to determine how many points you earned on Arbitrum One. Because Arbitrum Nova was launched after Arbitrum Nitro, you won't have any qualifying actions on Arbitrum Nova.

>  2. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of points you earned.

Author: Just to minimize back-and-forth and get this published sooner rather than later, would you mind submitting a draft procedure that includes examples as a commit suggestion or PR that articulates the precise business logic from your perspective?

This would ideally include the edge cases (RE sybils and timing) that we want our users to be aware of as they follow the steps.

I can then provide editorial review on your draft, asking specific questions as needed, instead of trying to guess what that "similar logic" looks like :p. 

I have notifications enabled, will review once the precise logic is drafted in the format of user-facing instructions. Thank you sir!

>  2. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of points you earned.

Author: [marking as resolved - let's move outstanding todos / clarifications to the [v2 PR](https://github.com/ArbitrumFoundation/docs/pull/230)]

#### Scenario 3: You performed qualifying actions before and after Nitro was launched.

>  1. First, refer to the [qualifying actions section](#qualifying-actions) to determine how many points you earned on Arbitrum One before Nitro launched. We'll refer to this as `OnePointsPre`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. First, refer to the [qualifying actions section](#qualifying-actions) to determine how many points you earned before Arbitrum Nitro launched on Arbitrum One mainnet. We'll refer to this as `PointsPre`. When doing this calculation, reference `Scenario 2` to make sure that you are accounting for points earned on Arbitrum Nova correctly.
  2. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of `PointsPre` you earned. 
 3. Then, refer to the [qualifying actions section](https://github.com/ArbitrumFoundation/docs/pull/204#qualifying-actions) to determine how many points you earned after Nitro launched on Arbitrum One. We'll refer to this as `PointsPost`, again referencing `Scenario 2` to make sure that you are accounting for points earned on Arbitrum Nova correctly.
4. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](https://github.com/ArbitrumFoundation/docs/pull/204#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of `PointsPost` you earned. Convert those points into tokens.
5. Now you should have token totals, calculated based on points scored before and after Nitro. Calculate the difference between the two token totals, halve that, and add it to the token total calculated based on `PointsPre`. This is your final amount of eligible tokens.
6. In the case that your token total based on `PointsPost` was lower than the other total, you were awarded tokens solely based on `PointsPre`, as it was the higher amount.
```

>  2. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of points you earned.

Reviewer: suggested additional text:

2. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of points you earned. Convert those points into tokens.
3. Then, refer to the [qualifying actions section](#qualifying-actions) to determine how many points you earned on Arbitrum One **after** Nitro launched. We'll refer to this as `OnePointsPost`.
4. Next, refer to the [point-to-token conversion table](#point-to-token-conversion-table) and determine how many tokens you're eligible to claim based on the number of points you earned. Convert those points into tokens.
5. Now you should have token totals, based on points, calculated based on points scored before and after Nitro. Calculate the difference in points between the two totals, halve that, and add it to the token total calculated based on OnePointsPre. This is your final amount of eligible tokens.
6. In the case that your token total based on OnePointsPost was lower than the other total, you were awarded tokens solely based on OnePointsPre, as it was the higher amount.

Author: Silly q -> would you mind clarifying how, exactly, Nova considerations should be blended into this logic? It feels like the logic from Scenario 2 -> Step 2 above belongs somewhere in here, but I'm not confident about the calculus.

Providing a few examples of this path being executed, displayed in tabular format, could also be an efficient way for us to align on the logic. A few examples are provided above.

You can submit your suggested as a commit suggestion if you'd like - this gives us a way to click a single button to commit your proposed change into the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: [marking as resolved - let's move outstanding todos / clarifications to the [v2 PR](https://github.com/ArbitrumFoundation/docs/pull/230)]
